Assignment on Fundamentals of Java

What is Programming Language?
-> Making the set of instructions to a computer that specifies how to carry out a task this
   process is known as programming and the language used to make instructions is known as 
   programming language.

Why do we need a programming language?
->In our daily life we need programming language to enhance and increase the power of 
computers, mobile solutions and internet. There are numerous example you may come to know 
when you are going to learn a programming language. 
		Now a days not just for academics but in our daily life to all programming is done. 
For example you can conduct online banking, Purchase your ticket while travelling by train 
or aeroplane. This all and many more are possible due to programming language so that’s why 
we need programming language.

What are the features of java?
->There are as many features that java provides like:
•	Simple to understand 
•	Platform independent
•	Portable
•	Robust and secure
•	It supports multithreaded programs
•	Object oriented
•	Distributed 

What is an object?
->Object is an real world entity which has its own states and behaviour.
	Where,
		States: represents an object data (value)
		Behaviour: represents how an object behaves.

What is a class?
->Class is a blueprint from which object is created.

Explain about the main method in java?
->Syntax for the main method in java is:
public static void main (String []args)
here,
	public- it is a access specifier we have to use it before the main    method so jvm let
			to know from where programm being executed.
	Static-we have to make main method static due to this jvm no need any object to call 
		   method because static method are the methods which don’t require object to invoke
		   them
	Void-it is return type which tell compiler that the main method not return any value.
	Main- it is a method name which is predefined in jvm and invoke to execute the code line
 		  by line and end the execution after completion of this method. We can overload the
		  main method.
	String args[]- here args is an array name and it is of string type.the main method 
				   accepts the information from user by command line.to store that 
				   information this array is used.

